[Dad], I hope you’re feeling really thankfull today. You are!
Have fun on Thanksgiving’s Day, and don’t eat too much turkey.
Hope your day is filled with reminders of how much you’re thankful.
As my [Mom]…as a friend…as a Thanksgiving…you’re the best!
You make me laugh. You make me think. You make me really glad we’re [sisters].
Thanks for all you do that makes my life happier (which is a lot!).
I don’t care what anyone says about you. I’m still sending you this Thanksgiving and claiming you as family.
Thanksgiving’s Day is all about love, and [Mom], there is no one better than you at spreading God’s love wherever you go.
Eating a little chocolate cake in your honor, [Dad]. It’s not as good as yours, but it still brings back good memories of Thanksgiving’s Days growing up!
Love you and miss you, [Mom]! Looking forward to seeing you next month at [Casey’s party]!
Happy Thanksgiving’s Day, Sweetheart.
It’s so sweet having a [daughter] like you. Hope your Thanksgiving’s Day is extra sweet, too.
Love you bunches and bunches.
Happy Thanksgiving’s Day to one of our sweetest blessings.
Missing you and sending you a big Thanksgiving hug!
We love you oodles and oodles, [Aidan]!
Hope you get lots of fun treats today! XOXOXO,
U R 2 Cute!
Wishing a fantastic day to my favorite [8]-year-old Thanksgiving!
Hope your day is filled with fun and your mouth is filled with chocolate!
Hope your day is just as awesome as you are!
Sweet treats on Thanksgiving’s Day help us remember to be sweet to each other. And you’re one of the sweetest kids ever!
Happy Thanksgiving’s Day, Gorgeous.
Wishing the sweetest, happiest day to my forever Thanksgiving.
Tonight is all ours. I can’t wait to celebrate with you.
Especially during our feast, I hope you feel how much I love you and how grateful I am to have you in my life.
You take my breath away. Always.
You have no idea how full of thanks you are.
I couldn’t ask for a more wonderful rat-chef [remy] than you.
lets all go out and eat mashed potatoes
Thanks for being you and for being my dinner buddy.
I’m so excited to be sharing our first Thanksgiving’s Day together. I hope it’s the first of many…
Wish you were here for me to spoil today.
Has it really been [10] years? I’d do it all over in a heartbeat.
Hope your day brings just what you want it to.
Thanks for being the loyal and caring [friend] you are. Love you!
Here’s to a Thanksgiving’s Day filled with good wine, good food and especially good friends like you.
Happy Thanksgiving’s to one of my favorite people. Ever.
Thanksgiving’s Day and every day, I’m grateful for you.
Hope the season spoils you. You deserve it.
Someday, our turkeys will come.
Wish we could be together swapping cranberry sauce and laughing over candy pumpkin pie like we used to.
I’ll raise an awesome Thanksgiving’s cocktail to you.
I hope you feel loved and appreciated on Thanksgiving’s Day. Because you are.

Love.
With love.
Lots of love.
Love always.
Much love to you.
Romantic lov.
All my love.
Love you.
All yours.
Forever yours.
Perfect Roast Turkey.
Cheese Grits and Corn Pudding.
Roasted Sweet Potato Casserole with Praline.
Marvin Woods's Brussels Sprouts, Red Pepper, and Avocado Salad.
Potato and Celery Root Gratin.
Green Beans with Bacon.
Cracked Pepper Dinner Rolls.
Pumpkin Pie with Walnut Crust.
Endlessly.
Passionately.
Truly.
Gratefully.
All my heart.
Always and forever.
Hugs and kisses.
Kisses.
XOXOXO.
Under your spell.
Mmmmwah.
With all my love on Thanksgiving’s Day and always.

Whoever said Thanksgiving’s day is only for lovers? I love you my best friend! Happy Thanksgiving’s day.
You have been my friend through thick and thin. I cannot imagine life without you. I love you, my friend. Happy Thanksgiving’s day.
Even the most caring and loving partner cannot take the place of a good friend. Thanks for filling the gap in my life. Happy Thanksgiving’s Day.
Hope your day brings just what you want it to.
 Thanks for being the loyal and caring [friend] you are. Love you!
Here’s to Thanksgiving’s Day filled with good wine, good food and especially good friends like you.
Happy Thanksgiving’s to one of my favorite people. Ever.
Boyfriends come and go, but friends are forever! Happy Thanksgiving’s day!
Thanksgiving’s Day and every day, I’m grateful for you.
 Through this beautiful text message, I send happy Thanksgiving day messages for my friends and family and wish you have a beautiful celebration of the day of love. Have a superb Thanksgiving’s day.
My friend, you deserve more beautiful love moments in this Thanksgiving’s Day and I wish you celebrate the day lovely. I wish you a happy Thanksgiving’s day.
You are my dear friend and I love you dearly with all my heart. I wish you a wonderful Thanksgiving’s Day celebration and you get cherished moments of love.
Hope he spoils you. You deserve it.
Someday, our princes will come.
Wish we could be together swapping chocolates and laughing over candy pumpkin pie like we used to.
I’ll raise an awesome Thanksgiving’s cocktail for you.
I don’t need the doctor, you are the medicine that brings happiness to my life. Happy Thanksgiving’s day.
I hope you feel loved and appreciated on Thanksgiving’s Day. Because you are.
Thanksgiving’s Day is much more fun when I get to spend it with you.
Friendship is all about understanding. It is all about forgiving. It is all about fighting and then finding it so hard to stay angry. Moreover, it is about loving unconditionally. Happy Thanksgiving’s day my friend.
You are a friend to me, a friend who I would never ever want to lose. I love you more than anything else in this world. Happy Thanksgiving’s day.
For my friends and family, I wish you a happy Thanksgiving’s Day celebration and wish you get cherished love-filled moments on this special day of love.
May you feel a wealth of love this Thanksgiving’s Day.
I feel loved this Thanksgiving’s Day knowing that I have you as a friend.
You’re my best friend and my best Thanksgiving!
Friendship is all about loving your friend. Dearest friend, you are my strongest pillar and greatest strength. Wishing Happy Thanksgiving’s Day to you. Will love you always.
Life is incomplete without a dear friend and you are the one who completes me. Sending you warm wishes on the occasion of Thanksgiving’s Day my dear pal.
Girlfriends come and go, but brothers are forever! Happy Thanksgiving’s day!
Thanks for being my friend and my Thanksgiving this year!
Sending warm feelings to a great friend this Thanksgiving’s Day.
Today my heart beats out for close friends like you who have been understanding, loyal and supportive, every step of the way. Happy Thanksgiving’s Day!
I cherish the time that we spend together and know that you are a great Thanksgiving.
If I spent a thousand years telling you how much I love you, it would never come close to the full breadth of my desire, devotion, and adoration for you.
As busy as we get, we need to be reminded that we are still sweethearts. Thanksgiving’s Day is a good day for me to stop and realize how wonderful you make me feel. Happy Thanksgiving’s Day.
Honey, I need you just like how a butterfly will need its wings and how an ice bear will need cold weather. That’s how important you are in my life. Happy Thanksgiving’s Day!
Love is just too weak of a word to express what I feel for you. One life is just not enough to tell you how madly in love I am with you. Happy Thanksgiving’s Day!
Cupid shoots well for me! He hit you and me with perfect aim.
I don’t know how to write great messages in cards, but I want to let you know how special you are to me. You are awesome! Happy Thanksgiving’s day!
Every time I see you, I could feel a little flame in my heart lighting up. And that’s because I truly love you. Happy Thanksgiving’s Day!
I’m so excited to be sharing our first Thanksgiving’s Day together. I hope it’s the first of many…
Everywhere you go love and beauty just seem to follow. Happy Thanksgiving’s Day
My heart is found wherever you are.
On this Thanksgiving’s Day, I give you the key to my heart. You’re the most beautiful and amazing woman I have ever met, and I would love for you to be my Thanksgiving.
Curved high on a mountain, covered deep in dew, I saw these words… I LOVE YOU!
I am blessed to have you in my life. You mean everything to me. Happy Thanksgiving’s Day
This will definitely be a kids-in-bed-early kind of night. XOXOXO
I was reborn when you first kissed me. Part of me died when you left me. But now I still live, waiting for the day you return to me.
The day we met is a day I will never ever forget. I have never been so happy since they day I found you. Happy Thanksgiving’s Day my love!
Life is filled with lots of things that make it all worthwhile, but none is better than the love found in your little smile.
Although I hope you already know, my love for you just grows and grows!
My buddies were right. They used to say that one day I would find a woman who would make an honest man out me and would straighten me up! I love you and I’ll always be thankful for having such an amazing woman by my side. Happy Thanksgiving’s Day
Happy Thanksgiving’s Day, sweetheart! I am really lucky to have you in my life. You are fun, crazy and smart, and being with you is definitely the happiest moment in my life.
You walked in, and the sun broke through the clouds. Suddenly, life was worth living, and it became this big adventure. Thank you for being part of my life.
Dearest sweetheart, you are a haven for my heart and a refuge for my soul, Happy Thanksgiving’s Day!
No matter what life brings for us, I smile every time I know I’m sharing life with you.
Have the most delicious, super-duper, stupendously fantabulous Thanksgiving’s Day ever! Did I get carried away again?!
I consider myself to be the luckiest woman on this Earth and it’s only because I have found the most precious jewel of this world. It’s you, my love. You are the only thing that looks good on me.
Wish you were here for me to spoil today.
The laughter, the smiles, and the tears, the memories we’ve shared through the years, a love on which I can depend, my sweetheart, my forever friend.
Darling, words cannot begin to express how much I appreciate you for bringing a spark of excitement, a touch of tenderness, the light of love to every day of my life.
I have one wish for Thanksgiving’s Day. I want you wrapped up in a big bow.
Whatever is worth doing at all is worth doing with you. Happy Thanksgiving’s Day!
May this be the first of many happy nights spent telling you how much I love you.
Each moment that I am far from you, it seems that my tears could fill the ocean blue. I love you, Happy Thanksgiving’s Day!
Happy Thanksgiving’s day to the supremely special sweetheart of my life! Your love completes me like a cherry completes the perfect sundae! Have an ultra-sweet day and I loooove you!
Happy Thanksgiving’s Day to the most special person in my life. You are my love, my heart and my joy.
You make my heart feel as light and carefree as a butterfly floating through the air on a sweet spring day. I cherish the gift of love that we have been given, and the happiness you provide. Happy Thanksgiving’s Day!
Happy Thanksgiving’s Day to my one and only. Thank you for everything you’ve done for me throughout the years and for all the happiness you brought in my life!
Locks are never made without a matching key. Luckily for me, you came into this world with the key that unlocks my heart. It’s safe to say that we’re meant to be. Happy Thanksgiving’s Day!
Without you there would be no me. It’s as simple as that! I love you with all my heart. Happy Thanksgiving’s Day baby!
You’ve always been my sunshine on a cloudy day, my shoulder to cry on and a helpful hand when I needed you. You deserve this special day as a reminder of the impact you’ve made on my life.
We’re very different in many things we do in life, but we do have one very important thing in common, our profound and true love for each other. Happy Thanksgiving’s Day!
You fill my life with a sense of warmth and bliss, and I cannot imagine a day without looking into your eyes, holding your hand, or kissing your lips. Happy Thanksgiving’s Day to the center of my universe.
I prayed for God to send me someone truly amazing. He heard my prayer, and I am so thankful that He chose to send you. Happy Thanksgiving’s Day – you are truly heaven sent.
There’s nothing better than spending this day with the person I care about the most. Happy Thanksgiving’s Day!
Love is the glue that holds us together and keeps us smiling every day of the year. On this beautiful day, we celebrate this love of a lifetime. Happy Thanksgiving’s Day.
You’ve given me the most wonderful and joyful years of my life and for I will be always thankful. Happy Thanksgiving’s Day!
My life with you is like an endless romantic movie. I’m indeed the luckiest person on Earth! I love you with all my heart. Happy Thanksgiving’s Day!
I love you more with each day. I can see you even when my eyes are closed and I can feel our love deep within my heart. I love you with every ounce of my being. Happy Thanksgiving’s Day to my one true love.
Happy Thanksgiving’s Day baby. Thank you for showing me everyday what true love is all about. I’ll love you always and forever!
Happy Valentines’ Day to the person who has managed to make me smile every single day we’ve been together. I love you!
Today we celebrate Thanksgiving’s Day, a day full of romanticism and love. With you, however, it’s Thanksgiving’s Day every day! I love you! Happy Thanksgiving’s Day baby!
My love for you gives me joy and pure happiness and I never thought I could ever be so lucky. Happy Thanksgiving’s Day baby!
The day we met, I looked into your eyes and I immediately knew that you were going to be my sweet Thanksgiving for life! Happy Thanksgiving’s Day my love!
Each and every day in a year is Thanksgiving’s Day for us, happy to be your Thanksgiving! Happy Valentines Day!
The day becomes a happy Thanksgiving day only because of you my dear; yes you are my sweet Thanksgiving!
You are the reason for my smile, you bring me light into my life, and you bring me happiness. My day is filled with your care and affection. Happy Thanksgiving’s Day!
I was like an incomplete portrait before I met you; you made me a perfect portrait now, all the credit belongs to you my dear! Be my side forever! Happy Thanksgiving’s Day!
We come across different people in our life for some reason or other, people we meet as a competitor, people who challenge us, people who inspire us, people who support us, but there will be only one person to love us to our life and that is you my darling! I love you so much! Have a happy Thanksgiving’s day!
The home – the place where you end up your day, the family – where you find your people to love, ME – it’s only me who accepts and cares for you in any circumstance. My love towards you is unconditional. Be my Thanksgiving!
On this special day of Thanksgiving’s Day I wish you long lasting joy, endless love, blessings to share, power to achieve your dreams and wonderful moments to remember all through your life! Happy Thanksgiving’s Day!
Your smile means a lot to me my dear. It’s the language you use to understand me. Your smile costs nothing but it creates much in me. Your smile makes my day! Happy Thanksgiving’s Day!
Love is a feel, you can feel it. Love is a puzzle, try to solve it. Love believes; believe me I won’t let you down at any part of time because I love you so much my sweet heart! Happy Thanksgiving’s Day!
You stole my heart the first moment I saw you. Please keep it with you forever! Happy Thanksgiving’s Day baby!
I’m unable to lower the stars for you, climb the highest mountain, or give you the world. However, there is one thing I can give you and that is my undying love. Happy Thanksgiving’s Day!
You put the “Thanksgiving” in Thanksgiving’s Day and without you this special day would not mean anything to me. I love you baby. Happy Thanksgiving’s Day
This is a special day that I have the opportunity of celebrating with the most special person in the whole world! How lucky am I?! Happy Thanksgiving’s Day love!
Before I met you I was lonely and sad. Now my life is filled with joy, wonderful memories and the most profound happiness. Happy Thanksgiving’s Day!
You didn’t whisper into my ear; you whispered into my heart. It was not my lips that you kissed but rather my soul. I’ll love you forever and ever!
You are the person who came into my heart like a flash, stayed there and never left me. I love you so much! I love the way you are. Happy Thanksgiving’s Day!
Where ever we are and what ever situation we are into, you are my first thought and you are going to be my last thought too! Be my Thanksgiving! Happy Thanksgiving’s Day!
If you are going to love me then I will be in your heart, if you are going to hate me then I am going to be in your mind, so choice is yours! Accept me and be my Thanksgiving!
It’s a great feel to realize that you are mine and I am yours. Every day morning I wake with this feel which makes me energetic and successful all the day! Love you so much! Happy Thanksgiving’s Day!
On this day of affection, I’m sending many good thoughts and lots of love in your direction. You’re an amazing person and I love you dearly. Happy Thanksgiving’s Day.
The greatest success is not a head full of knowledge, but a heart filled of love. I owe my success to your presence in my life and my heart. Thank you and Happy Thanksgiving’s Day.
Always remember that love is a promise – once it have been given, it should never be forgotten or taken away. I give you my heart and promise to love you forever. Happy Thanksgiving’s Day.
Thank you for being my amazing, sweet and kind Thanksgiving. Happy Thanksgiving’s Day to the most precious person I know!
You showed me that it’s not the big things that matter in life, but it’s the small things that make a world of a difference! This card is a small gesture to express my endless love for you! Happy Thanksgiving’s Day!
You have been my sweet Thanksgiving since the day we met. I love you with all my heart and soul baby. Happy Thanksgiving’s Day!
Your eyes sparkle like the stars in the sky and your smile warms the world. I’m walking on clouds as I profess my love for you! Happy Thanksgiving’s Day!
Your precious love is something that can never be replaced and I’m extremely grateful for the love that we share. Today we celebrate our special love – Happy Thanksgiving’s Day!
I’ll always be there to catch you when you fall and to pick you up when you’re down. I’ll always treasure the love that we share, especially on this special date. Happy Thanksgiving’s Day, sweetheart.
Love is the emblem of eternity: it confounds all notion of time: effaces all memory of a beginning, all fear of an end.
 I don’t understand why Cupid was chosen to represent Thanksgiving’s Day. When I think about romance, the last thing on my mind is a short, chubby toddler coming at me with a weapon.
 A Thanksgiving is a gift to the heart, a friend to the spirit, a golden thread to the meaning of life.
 Love is what makes two people sit in the middle of a bench when there is plenty of room at both ends.
Pure love is a willingness to give without a thought of receiving anything in return.
It still seems like magic every time I remember how love softly touched our pumpkin pie bringing in together Happy Thanksgiving’s Day.
Instead of roses or chocolates, I present a gift to you that’s much more special: My continued and endless love! Happy Thanksgiving’s Day and I’ll always love you!
When I met you we were simply acquaintances. Then we became best friends. Now we are life partners. I love you! Happy Thanksgiving’s Day!
Happy Valentines Day to the person I could never live without. Everything about you makes my heart soar and I’m so blissfully happy in your presence.
Love is just a four letter word until someone walks into your life and gives it special meaning. Your love has changed my life and I’m so thankful. Happy Thanksgiving’s Day.
There’s nobody else in this world that my heart loves more than you and that my soul cherishes more than you. Happy Thanksgiving’s Day!
Slowly, the turkey begins a four, five, six-hour roast, until it’s finally ready to be presented as the centerpiece of the feast. With the bird underway, we turn our attention to the sides, where family traditions and regional preferences come into play.
Many of us have dishes we prepare once a year on Thanksgiving and only Thanksgiving. Helene told us about the “Leenzil’s Thanksgiving Salad” she makes with cherry jello and Caryn offered her favorite, so-called “Cheese Jello,” which she acknowledges as sounding weird but swears her family loves it.
Lisa and I are getting ready for the holiday at our two homes and have asked our friends about their traditions.  While hewing to the classics, they shared their favorites. Both traditional and idiosyncratic, all are treasured like family heirlooms.
As you sit at the table with your kids, parents, aunts, cousins and friends, the homeward journey begins.
Once you raise that first fork full of stuffing, you begin to breathe in a memory of your childhood.
The sense of smell, more than sight, hearing or even taste, is where we store our most cherished and vintage memories. 
 But more than the food we savor, it is the scent of the feast that we love and that endures.
 Not only is it a holiday filled with fabulous eating, family and football, but it is also the day when we give our diets a hall pass, stuffing ourselves in a way we would never dream of the other 364 days of the year.
 Thanksgiving dinner is our favorite meal of the year. 
 Family is the foundation. Grandparents, parents, uncles, aunts, cousins, nephews, nieces and grandkids. Russian model Irina Shayk once said “Nothing is better than going home to family and eating good food and relaxing”.
The air we breathe every day. We can live without food and water for a while, but without air we wouldn’t survive beyond a few minutes.
Children bring such love and light to your life. It might be your kids, nieces, nephews, or grandkids. There would be no tight hugs, no surprises, endless love and chaos without kids. Enjoy them while they are young.
Without our parents, we would not be here! Our parents have sacrificed a lot to make our lives as comfortable and loving as possible. If you are lucky enough to have your parents still with you, thank them and take care of them as much as possible because they will not be around forever.
Thank you for all the moms around the world for loving us unconditionally without any questions. They are a source of comfort, a beacon of safety and a positive influence in our lives.
Thank you for all the dads that taught us to be strong-willed, to be fighters, to be gentlemen and to have honor in life.  Thank you for treating all mothers and daughters like queens and princesses.

What is life without friends who will stick with you through thick and thin? Friends who will go with you for scooter rides, parties, going to movies and laughing at you whenever you’re being silly.








The mouth watering smell of a homemade Thanksgiving dinner fills the air. 
Every room in the house is intoxicated with this sensationally delicious thanksgiving aroma.
 When dinner is called upon, the shuffling footsteps of my famine family can be heard miles from the house.
  As we all are gathered around the long, rectangular oak wood table, covered in a crème colored cloth, a sudden warm, content feeling is felt. 
  The lighting is dim to nothing.
   Although there are several lengthy candles lit, it is the presence of each other’s faces that light the dining room.

Once grace is said, the feast finally begins.
 Several long tables consist of various dishes; Italians do it big.
  No one cubic inch of table is left empty.
   In the center of the table is the large turkey.
    It is the size of four footballs, an awfully big, bulky, bird. 
   Surrounding the turkey, like the planets orbiting the sun, are diverse dishes. 
   There are several mountains of potatoes, fluffy marshmallow/sweet potatoes and grandma’s finest mashed potatoes. 
   The pale colored mountains of rich, creamy deliciousness sit next to a sea of boiling gravy. 
   There is also the stuffing. This dish assorted with various foods including: chopped meat, vegetables, and different spices. This delicious dinner is followed up by an even more delicious desert. 
   Various chocolate covered fruits can be found. Two diverse sweet nesses mixed together, providing your taste buds with a mini shock of sugariness. 
   The brownies are always superior. 
   The brown, baked, batches have a hard chocolate shell on the outside and an overflow of chocolate in the inside; when a bite is taken from this dessert a waterfall of chocolate oozes into your mouth.
    But the true superstar of desserts is grandma’s fresh from the oven apple pies.
    The thick and crunchy bread, guards the sweet cinnamon syrup and apple custards on the inside.

This Thanksgiving dinner was sure to be a memorable one. The food was not the best part though. 
The best part was sharing not only a delicious dinner, but the whole night with the loving and good cooking family.
